📖 Document clusterctl describe (#4092)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/describe-cluster.md

# clusterctl describe cluster

The `clusterctl describe cluster` command provides an "at glance" view of a Cluster API cluster designed
to help the user in quickly understanding if there are problems and where.

For example `clusterctl describe cluster capi-quickstart` will provide an output similar to:

![](../../images/describe-cluster.png)

The "at glance" view is based on the idea that clusterctl should avoid to overload the user with information,
but instead surface problems, if any.

In practice, if you look at the `ControlPlane` node, you might notice that the underlying machines

> are grouped toghether, because all of the have the same state (Ready euqal to True), so it is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are grouped together, because all of them have the same state (Ready equal to True), so it is not
```

necessary to repeat the same information three times.

If this is not the case, and machines have different states, the visualization is going to use different lines:

![](../../images/describe-cluster-how-grouping-works.png)

> You might also notice that the visualization does not represents the infrastructure machine or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might also notice that the visualization does not represent the infrastructure machine or the
```
